W-11496375-SalesforceV11TriggerConditionsQ2-SG (#303)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_ms_release_notes.adoc

New versions are automatically available once they are released; you don't need to perform any tasks to move to the new version.

== August 2, 2022

include::_partials/release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+3]

* In Salesforce Connector, you can now specify conditions for triggers.

include::_partials/release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=knownIssues,leveloffset=+3]

==== Composer Platform

[%header%autowidth.spread]

|===

|Known Issue|Workaround |ID

> |When deleting a connection, Composer ensures that no flows use that connection. If flows use that connection, they appear in a list in the *Delete Connection* window.  However, in rare cases, flows created or edited before July 12, 2022 may not appear in the list. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Before a connection is deleted, Composer ensures that no flows use that connection. If flows use that connection, they appear in a list in the *Delete Connection* window.  However, in rare cases, flows created or edited before July 12, 2022 may not appear in the list. | |
```

Author: since this is a partial I may have to do a global replace for this edit later
